h1. roy-sbt-plugin: Compile Roy sources to JavaScript

(C) "Andreas Hartmann"http://www.devkat.net

h2. Credits

Thanks to "Brian McKenna":https://github.com/pufuwozu/ for providing the Roy language. Parts of his Roy plugin for Play ("Ray":https://github.com/pufuwozu/ray) have been used for this plugin.

Some code has been used from the "Untyped SBT Plugins":https://github.com/untyped/sbt-plugins/.

h2. Installation

Add the following line to your @project/build.sbt@ file:

bc. addSbtPlugin("net.devkat" %% "roy-sbt-plugin" % "0.1")

After you start your web project, changes in Roy sources will be automatically detected and the sources recompiled:

bc. sbt
> ~;container:start; container:reload /

h2. Issues

At the moment the whole project is compiled when a Roy source file changes. Any hints how to compile only the affected Roy files are greatly appreciated.

h2. Configuration

The plugin offers the following keys:

bc. object RoyKeys {
  val roy = TaskKey[Seq[File]]("roy", "Compile Roy sources")
  val royIncludeFilter = SettingKey[FileFilter]("roy-include-filter", "Include filter")
  val royExcludeFilter = SettingKey[Seq[FileFilter]]("roy-exclude-filter", "Exclude filter")
  val royCompilerOptions = SettingKey[Seq[String]]("roy-compiler-options", "Options for the Roy compiler")
}

The following example shows how to configure an exclude filter in @project/Build.scala@. The plugin provides a @PathFilter@ class for wildcard path patterns.

bc. import net.devkat.sbtroy.RoyPlugin._
import net.devkat.sbtroy.RoyPlugin.RoyKeys._
import net.devkat.sbtroy.RoyPlugin.PathFilter

bc. lazy val web: Project = Project("my-web-project", file("web"),
  settings = BuildSettings.buildSettings ++ (
    roySettings ++ Seq(
      royExcludeFilter in Compile += new PathFilter("**/my/excluded/path/**")
    )
  )
)

h2. Include generated JavaScript files in web application resource path

The following configuration for the "xsbt-web-plugin":https://github.com/siasia/xsbt-web-plugin works e.g. for the "Lift":http://liftweb.net web application framework:

bc. import com.github.siasia.PluginKeys._

bc. settings = BuildSettings.buildSettings ++ (
    …
    ++ webSettings ++ Seq(
     (webappResources in Compile) <+= (resourceManaged in Compile) apply {
       r => file(r.getAbsolutePath() + "/webapp")
     }
    )
    …
  )


h2. License

The Roy SBT plugin is licensed unter the "Apache License, Version 2.0":http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html.
